Fetcher no longer accepts multiple arguments in v2 (#326)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/arguments.en-US.md

Instead, you can use an **array** as the `key` parameter, which contains multiple arguments of `fetcher`:

```js
const { data: user } = useSWR(['/api/user', token], ([url, token]) => fetchWithToken(url, token))
```

> The fetcher function accepts the `key` parameter as is, and the cache key will also be associated with `token` now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fetcher` function accepts the `key` parameter as is, and the cache key will also be associated with the entire `key` argument. In the above example, `url` and `token` are both tight to the cache key.
```

<Callout emoji="⚠️">

>   In older versions (< 2), The `fetcher` function accepts the `key` parameter as arguments separately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the previous versions (< 2.0.0), The `fetcher` function will receive the spreaded arguments from original `key` when the `key` argument is array type. E.g., key `[url, token]` will become 2 arguments `(url, token)` for `fetcher` function.
```
